Add metrics endpoint debugging info for container docs (#1014)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/elastic-agent/elastic-agent-container.asciidoc

TIP: Running into errors with Fleet Server?
Check the fleet-server subprocess logs for more information.

[discrete]
[[agent-in-container-debug]]
== Debugging

A monitoring endpoint can be enabled to expose resource usage and event processing data.
The endpoint is compatible with {agent}s running in both {fleet} mode and Standalone mode.

Enable the monitoring endpoint in `elastic-agent.yml` on the host where the {agent} is installed.
A sample configuration looks like this:

[source,yaml]
----
agent.monitoring:
  enabled: true <1>
  logs: true <2>
  metrics: true <3>
  http:
      enabled: true <4>
      host: localhost <5>
      port: 6791 <6>
----
<1> Enable monitoring of running processes.
<2> Enable log monitoring.
<3> Enable metrics monitoring.

> <4> Enable {agent} metrics using HTTP. By default, sockets and named pipes are used.

Reviewer: `exposing metrics` maybe?  just to be more precise/clear. collecting metrics is enabled by `1-3`

Author: ```suggestion
<4> Expose {agent} metrics over HTTP. By default, sockets and named pipes are used.
```
